---
description: January 18 2024, San Francisco
---

# January 2024

### Agenda <a href="#isq2qnxilcuv" id="isq2qnxilcuv"></a>

* Review Agenda & Vote

### Discussion Topics <a href="#gh90gq7a3ij6" id="gh90gq7a3ij6"></a>

1. Review Action Items
   * Update deck for Underwriting, New Deck for Major Donor Cultivation, Update General Operating Request for Support **- Amanda and Clair**
   * Annual Report- Note in calendar for **Irving** that says review 2023 budget, **Amanda** layout, **Ben** stats
   * Identify two listening parties stewardship/donor outreach, including giving Tuesday event **- Clair** done!
   * Invite Elle to Jan. Fundraising Committee meeting to start planning Gala **- Clair** done!
   * Create social graphics for donor and underwriter decks that can be used for other things throughout the year **- Kerri**
   * Town Hall by Jan 15 (for DJs/volunteers, not other donors). TY gift or certificate for top fundraisers. - **Brandon**
     * Push to Feb. - decide on date and responsibilities at Jan. board meeting
   * Ask folks that gave a one time gift in last FY (under $250) to consider becoming Besties; ask current Besties and DJs to increase monthly contribution by $5 or $10
     * Irving will claim task, (will draft template before sending)
   * Target meeting with three new corporations **- Clair to move to Q2**
     * Fundraising committee working on some of this, needs board support.
   * Start planning for hosted presentations at the three corps above, goal: engage employees in corporate giving **- Clair to move to Q2**
2. Finance
   * Review of 2023 budget
   * Vote to ratify 2024 budget
3. Fundraising
   * 2024 Fundraising Plan/Calendar
   * Donor development
4. Board Development
   * Goal setting meetings
   * Discuss potential Advisory Board members
   * Discuss what attributes we want from future board members
5. LPFM Update
6. KEXP Update

### Closing Items <a href="#m2d59stcwc8p" id="m2d59stcwc8p"></a>

* Open for public comment
* Any other business?

### Minutes <a href="#zdlkpcfvvx1" id="zdlkpcfvvx1"></a>

Present:

* **Amanda Guest**, Chair, Executive Director
* **Brandon Paski**, Secretary, Chair of Marketing Committee
* **Irving Pham**, Treasurer
* **Clair McDevitt**, Chair of Fundraising Committee
* **Ben Ward**, Technical Director
* **Kerri O’Malley**, Chair of Content Marketing Subcommittee

Absent:

* **Erika Delgado**, Board Member at Large
* **Caryn Kesler**, Vice Chair, Creative Director

### 6:02 pm — Convene, Vote on Agenda & Previous Minutes <a href="#byvicgateta6" id="byvicgateta6"></a>

Vote **YES** to approve the minutes.

Vote **YES** to adopt the proposed agenda.

### 6:11 pm— Discussion Topics <a href="#id-84iqkmbhjywq" id="id-84iqkmbhjywq"></a>

First meeting with Agenda reformat to have main discussion on board items.

All action items this month are related to fundraising items we discussed at the retreat.\
Meeting Summary:

### Drip Campaign and Messaging Strategy:

* Clair outlined a plan for a drip campaign involving three messages to introduce and expand BFF's underwriting partners program. The initial message would include an underwriting packet, with subsequent messages providing more in-depth information.
* The team agreed on the importance of a soft ask for donations in the first email to ensure engagement even if recipients don't read all three messages.
* Jill will not be developing content alone; the team will collaborate on this effort.

### Fundraising and Corporate Giving:

* Clair shared thoughts on identifying corporations for corporate giving opportunities, potentially focusing on Q2 rather than Q1.
* The team discussed the need for expertise in corporate giving and the possibility of recruiting a volunteer with such experience.

### Board Retreat Follow-Up:

* Brandon is working on summarizing the board retreat minutes and creating a one-pager due to the length of the transcript.
* Clair and Brandon discussed filling out the fundraising calendar based on the retreat discussions.

### Action Items for Fundraising Calendar:

* Amanda and Clair will update decks for underwriting and create new major donor cultivation requests.
* Clair confirmed the scheduling of two donor outreach listening parties.
* Elle might join the board meeting in March to discuss board support for gala planning.
* Irving volunteered to draft a campaign to encourage one-time donors to consider becoming monthly donors.
* The team discussed reaching out to corporations for underwriting opportunities and the need for someone knowledgeable in this area.

#### **Update deck for Underwriting, New Deck for Major Donor Cultivation, Update General Operating Request for Support** - Amanda and Clair

Amanda has a wireframe on these decks. They will set up a meeting time to discuss and get the deck filled out and ready to go

#### **Annual Report**- Note in calendar for Irving that says review 2023 budget, Amanda layout,&#x20;

Almost finished, 2023 budget is almost ready, back and forth on some stats, the whereabouts of and unknown. Jim is working on a google sheet. Items is marked as completed, so if there is something missing from that doc, Ben needs to ask Jim to add it. Once that is complete, Amanda will add to Annual Report.

#### **Identify two listening parties stewardship/donor outreach, including giving Tuesday event**&#x20;

Clair has one in May and one for Giving Tuesday, Teddy is assisting these, no guest as of yet.

#### **Invite Elle to Jan. Fundraising Committee meeting to start planning Gala**

Elle was there! She will be joining the board meeting to give us a brief on our Gala planning and be more strategic on the event. For the Gala, thinking really early, who to you want to invite? Who to you want to be a donor, this can be their introduction. Ties into listening party event, comp them a ticket to May, and gives us another touch point for potential donors.

#### **Create social graphics for donor and underwriter decks that can be used for other things throughout the year**

Kerri has been helping put together all the social graphics for 2024. Bit of an Ad Hoc process with Amanda creating templates, Caryn for approval and Kerri for posting. Look to have a graphic designer on the marketing committee that can create flyers, social media, any other items. Larger skills in design planning, create a brand guide.

#### **Town Hall by Jan 15 (for DJs/volunteers, not other donors). TY gift or certificate for top fundraisers.** - Brandon

Push to Feb. - decide on date and responsibilities at Jan. board meeting\
Amanda, Irving and Brandon to meet and flush out the awards, how will this go, DJ nominations? Get a program together. Possibly around Valentine's Day.

#### Ask folks that gave a one time gift in last FY (under $250) to consider becoming Besties

Ask current Besties and DJs to increase monthly contribution by $5 or $10 - Irving will take this task on.

#### **Target meeting with three new corporations**

Start planning for hosted presentations at the three corps above, goal: engage employees in corporate giving -

Fundraising committee working on some of this, needs board support.

### 6:31 PM - FINANCE

Review of 2023 budget. In the green $3000 up, despite spending more than we did in 2022. Net income of $47K\
\- Irving presented the 2023 budget review, highlighting a net income of $47,000 and lower expenses than budgeted.

\- The 2024 budget was discussed, with adjustments made based on the previous year's actuals. The team anticipates additional expenses related to the LPFM project.

\- The board unanimously ratified the 2024 budget

### 6:48 PM - BOARD DEVELOPMENT

Amanda will schedule goal setting meetings with each board member, how do your talents translate into our strategic initiatives.

* &#x20;The team discussed potential board member attributes and roles, such as an entertainment attorney, art director, and HR professional.
* Kerri mentioned connections in the local music industry that could be potential board members or advisors.

### 6:59 PM - LPFM

* BFF's LPFM application received a perfect score, and the competing application from Austin Airwaves was withdrawn.
* Michael Brown is exploring options for the transmitter location, with San Francisco State University being a preferred choice.
* The team discussed potential costs and partnerships related to the LPFM project.

### 7:15 PM - KEXP Update

* Representatives from KEXP visited BFF and discussed their plans for the Bay Area, including a local music program and underwriting partnerships.
* The team considered potential benefits of a partnership with KEXP, such as shared exposure and development resources.

### 7:00 pm — Public Comments

None

### 7:30 pm - Other Business <a href="#hazzwy782f44" id="hazzwy782f44"></a>

\- Committee chairs and secretaries will have a happy hour on January 30th, potentially at the alley.

\- Amanda is developing a volunteer handbook and planning Charm School orientations for new DJs and volunteers.

\- The team acknowledged the need to review upcoming action items, such as the "Will You Be My Bestie" Valentine's fundraiser.

### 7:41 pm — Meeting adjourned. <a href="#id-7w4xi3b53xkb" id="id-7w4xi3b53xkb"></a>

The next meeting of the BFF.fm board is scheduled for 6pm on March 21 2024. See [https://board.bff.fm](https://board.bff.fm/) for more information.

### Action Items <a href="#rqi00b94vu98" id="rqi00b94vu98"></a>

* Brandon to fill out [Fundraising Calendar](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1OZI6nu1juLKetn1abWnRMGdM8_6Fehbi/edit#gid=2036750973) with items from board retreat
* Brandon, Irving and Amanda to meet for Town Hall
* Calendar items - Valentine's Day Fundraiser check in
* Pick your ideal board members!
* Succession planning
