---
description: July 17 2024, San Francisco
---

# July 2024

## Agenda <a href="#isq2qnxilcuv" id="isq2qnxilcuv"></a>

* Review Agenda & Vote

### Discussion Topics <a href="#gh90gq7a3ij6" id="gh90gq7a3ij6"></a>

1. 5 minute updates from each committee:
   * Marketing & Communications - Brandon & Kerri
   * Tech - Christa
   * Fundraising - Clair
   * Finance - Irving
2. KEXP partnership
3. Review Action Items

### Closing Items <a href="#m2d59stcwc8p" id="m2d59stcwc8p"></a>

* Any other business?
* Keep working on Gala fundraising goals/gifts!

### Minutes <a href="#zdlkpcfvvx1" id="zdlkpcfvvx1"></a>

Present:

* **Amanda Guest**, Chair, Executive Director
* **Brandon Paski**, Secretary, Chair of Marketing Committee
* **Irving Pham**, Treasurer
* **Clair McDevitt**, Chair of Fundraising Committee
* **Ben Ward**, Technical Director
* **Christa Hartsock**, Chair of Tech Committee
* **Kerri O’Malley**, Chair of Content Marketing Subcommittee
* **Mark Pearson**, Board Member

Absent:

* **Erika Delgado**, Board Member at Large

Public:

* **Ethan Raup**, CEO, KEXP
* **Betsy Troutman**, Chief Development Officer, KEXP
* **Chris Kellogg,** Chief Programming Officer, KEXP
* **Chantilly Chiles,** Director of Advancement, KEXP Bay Area
* **Tom Smith,** Director of Business Development, KEXP

### 6:02 pm — Convene, Vote on Agenda & Previous Minutes <a href="#byvicgateta6" id="byvicgateta6"></a>

Vote **YES** to approve the minutes.

Vote **YES** to adopt the proposed agenda.

### 6:11 pm— Discussion Topics <a href="#id-84iqkmbhjywq" id="id-84iqkmbhjywq"></a>

Introductions with BFF.fm & KEXP.<br>

#### **Marketing Update**

Mosswood Meltdown $300, 400 views on stream\
Giveaways with local artists (Coordinate rules with Mark)\
Recruiting volunteers\
Re-do Marketing Cadence\
In-person Meeting with committee, re-engage

#### **Tech Committee update**

Network and visit other stations in bay area\
In-person co-working\
Ramping up for Ben to go on leave\
Self-serve onboarding with committee leads\
Tech Committee DJ experience to help make the studios resilient.\
Last two weeks of August, looking for tech coverage.

#### **Fundraising Update**

New restaurant for underwriting. One original underwriter payment has stopped, Clair will reach out and work out any details.\
Completed case for support, and it is awesome. Getting all our ideas on paper and how we work, thanks to all who contributed.\
Launched LPFM campaign, approx 11% of budget, goal is $25K, not a bad start, but have not had a huge push.\
Some grants have been submitted.\
Working on Gala, secured enough auction items, looking for food donations. Board members should ask for donations (Food, Beverage)\
Elle will reach out to board members for roles at Gala.\
Down to three people on the fundraising committee. Looking for 2-3 people with gifts and underwriting experiences.

#### **Finance Update**

Survived “trough of sadness”\
Looking to Gala.\
Taxes were accepted. One state form was returned, Irving is on it. All documents and P\&L is in the drive, ask Irving if you want to see anything specific.

#### **Partnership**

Library live streaming, “Sidewalk Series”. August.\
Mall called again. They have more space (duh). The Chamber of Commerce invited BFF to the mall to look at space. They also kept sending out more introductions, so Amanda will be taking some calls next week.\
It would be interesting to know if there is a music component to the night markets\
Market St Arts.

### 6:22 pm KEXP Partnership

Welcome Ethan (CEO), Betsy (CDO), Chris (CPO), Chantilly (Bay Area Development of Advancement), Tom Smith (Business Development Director)

1. Development
   1. **Fundraising at the board level**: what does that look like at KEXP and how can our board members best contribute to our efforts at BFF.fm?
   2. **Major donors**: what the KEXP major donor funnel look like and what can we do today to start building out our own major donor program (how to identify donors)
   3. **Donor-advised funds**: advice on getting in with donor-advised funds<br>
2. Programming
   1. **Audience building:** would love to learn about what has been most successful for KEXP in building listenership
   2. **Consistency:** how can we better achieve consistency between programs? Does KEXP employ any kind of rotation or clock?
   3. **Program development:** how are new programmatic ideas formed?
3. Organizational
   1. **Volunteers:** how does the KEXP volunteer program work? management, tasks, time tracking
   2. **Staff expansion**: how will we know we're ready to hire another person?

### Review Action Items

* Review upcoming dates on [Fundraising Calendar](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1OZI6nu1juLKetn1abWnRMGdM8_6Fehbi/edit#gid=2036750973)
* Addition to next month’s board meeting agenda- Mark - Legal audit
  1. Terms of Service, things we need to provide on our website
  2. Lots of giveaways - set of contest rules, good practice for us to have these outlined
  3. Compliance with data privacy laws (low risk) but as we grow in scale, looking at the future/forwards and minimizing those issues when we get there
* Succession planning
  1. Revisit in September meeting<br>
* Ask folks that gave a one time gift in last FY (under $250) to consider becoming Besties; ask current Besties and DJs to increase monthly contribution by $5 or $10 - ??? **- Irving will claim task, (will draft template before sending)**
* Target meeting with three new corporations **- Clair to move to Q3**
  1. Fundraising committee working on some of this, needs board support.
* Start planning for hosted presentations at the three corps above, goal: engage employees in corporate giving **- Clair to move to Q3**

### 8:04 pm — Ben opens gift. <a href="#ql29vu8jy6ge" id="ql29vu8jy6ge"></a>

Ben is going on parental leave, receives BFF.fm onesie.

### 8:08 pm — Meeting adjourned. <a href="#xpr0vtmoa0kl" id="xpr0vtmoa0kl"></a>

The next meeting of the BFF.fm board is scheduled for 6pm on Sept 16 2024. See [https://board.bff.fm](https://board.bff.fm/) for more information.

### Action Items <a href="#rqi00b94vu98" id="rqi00b94vu98"></a>
