---
description: March 21 2024, San Francisco
---

# March 2024

## Agenda <a href="#isq2qnxilcuv" id="isq2qnxilcuv"></a>

* Review Agenda & Vote -Approved
* [Vote to approve previous minutes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HBTF4eBNaFhOdYDYFVIJEblPxGdsKlRT0ArB4ewUt7k/edit#heading=h.qa7bqed2rd19) -Approved

### Discussion Topics <a href="#gh90gq7a3ij6" id="gh90gq7a3ij6"></a>

1. Board Development
   * Mark Pearson introduction and Q\&A
   * Nomination and vote
   * BFF.fm Advisory Board
2. LPFM Update
   * 6:30pm Michael Brown to join and review LPFM process so far and next steps
3. KEXP partnership
   * KEXP asked for a list of ways they can support us to be prepared for a meeting Friday morning
4. Review Action Items
   * Brandon to fill out [Fundraising Calendar](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1OZI6nu1juLKetn1abWnRMGdM8_6Fehbi/edit#gid=2036750973) with items from board retreat - Have not started, Clair did fill out some action items. Brandon to fill out Q2 - Q4.
   * Brandon, Irving and Amanda to meet for Town Hall - PIck a June date
   * Calendar items - Valentine's Day Fundraiser check in
   * Pick your ideal board members! Meeting Wed Mar 27 at 5pm
   * Succession planning
   * Update deck for Underwriting, New Deck for Major Donor Cultivation, Update General Operating Request for Support **- Amanda and Clair**
   * Annual Report- Note in calendar for **Irving** that says review 2023 budget, **Amanda** layout, **Ben** stats
   * Create social graphics for donor and underwriter decks that can be used for other things throughout the year **- Kerri**
   * Town Hall by Jan 15 (for DJs/volunteers, not other donors). TY gift or certificate for top fundraisers. - **Brandon**
     * Push to June. - decide on date and responsibilities at Jan. board meeting
   * Ask folks that gave a one time gift in last FY (under $250) to consider becoming Besties; ask current Besties and DJs to increase monthly contribution by $5 or $10 - ??? **- Irving will claim task, (will draft template before sending)**
     * _My bad, I still need to do this! - Irving_
   * Target meeting with three new corporations **- Clair to move to Q2**
     * Fundraising committee working on some of this, needs board support.
   * Start planning for hosted presentations at the three corps above, goal: engage employees in corporate giving **- Clair to move to Q2**
5. Finance (notes from Irving)
   * Survived the annual subscriptions, financial outlooking solid
   * [Current balance sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qnuzZg-mrFwKtMzrD3RIuruSQXKa0BGuwcOnNfx7wc8/edit?usp=sharing)
   * February 2024 February 2023
   * Checking $18,515 $25,561
   * Savings $42,516 $25,010
   * **Total** **$61,031 $50,571**
   * Next step is filing taxes for 2023 year

### Closing Items <a href="#m2d59stcwc8p" id="m2d59stcwc8p"></a>

* Open for public comment
* Any other business?

### Minutes <a href="#zdlkpcfvvx1" id="zdlkpcfvvx1"></a>

Present:

* **Amanda Guest**, Chair, Executive Director
* **Brandon Paski**, Secretary, Chair of Marketing Committee
* **Irving Pham**, Treasurer
* **Clair McDevitt**, Chair of Fundraising Committee
* **Ben Ward**, Technical Director

Absent:

* **Erika Delgado**, Board Member at Large
* **Caryn Kesler**, Vice Chair, Creative Director
* **Kerri O’Malley**, Chair of Content Marketing Subcommittee

### 6:02 pm — Convene, Vote on Agenda & Previous Minutes <a href="#byvicgateta6" id="byvicgateta6"></a>

Vote **YES** to approve the minutes.

Vote **YES** to adopt the proposed agenda.

### 6:11 pm— Discussion Topics <a href="#id-84iqkmbhjywq" id="id-84iqkmbhjywq"></a>

### **Key Discussions:** <a href="#objvrzrqvzgs" id="objvrzrqvzgs"></a>

#### **LPFM (Low Power FM) Update:** <a href="#pz7z91klcko0" id="pz7z91klcko0"></a>

* Amanda updated the board on the LPFM construction permit granted on March 5th.
* Michael Brown, the LPFM engineer, joined the meeting to discuss the LPFM project.
* The current permit location on Mount San Bruno is not ideal due to its one-watt signal and high elevation.
* Alternative sites being considered include San Francisco State University (SFSU) and Park Merced.
* Michael provided a coverage map and explained the signal reach from SFSU.
* KDFC, a classical station, threatened legal action if BFF's signal interfered with theirs.
* Michael suggested that KDFC is less concerned now that BFF plans to broadcast from a lower elevation.
* The board discussed following up with SFSU and exploring other site options.
* Michael will be unavailable for most of April due to travel.

#### **KEXP's Presence in San Francisco:** <a href="#id-18xi3ajujbh1" id="id-18xi3ajujbh1"></a>

* Amanda attended KEXP's launch event and shared observations.
* The event was well-attended by BFF DJs and community members.
* Concerns were raised about KEXP's messaging and the representation of the local music scene.
* KEXP has publicly identified BFF as a partner, which has led to additional press.
* Ethan from KEXP requested a meeting to discuss specific actions for supporting BFF.
* A document was created to map out potential support areas from KEXP, including DJ mentorship, co-presented shows, operational support, and more.
* The board discussed prioritizing operational support, DJ incubator programs, and co-presented shows.

#### **Advisory Board/Council:** <a href="#dp7h6dnkhwdu" id="dp7h6dnkhwdu"></a>

* The board agreed to call the advisory entity "The Advisory Council."
* The Advisory Council will consist of individuals who can provide expertise and support on an as-needed basis.
* A less formal vetting process was suggested for Advisory Council members compared to the board.
* The board development committee will handle the vetting process, with a potential interview or "vibe check" for candidates.
* The board discussed reaching out to potential Advisory Council members, including Ben Fong-Torres.

#### **Financial Update:** <a href="#kpj5wb70mw1e" id="kpj5wb70mw1e"></a>

* Irving provided a financial summary, noting a healthy balance compared to the previous year.
* The station is in a stable financial position, with ongoing donations and grant funding.

#### **Action Items:** <a href="#id-2or95iimedko" id="id-2or95iimedko"></a>

* Fundraising calendar needs to be filled out for the upcoming quarters.
* Town Hall planning to be scheduled for June.
* Board development committee to meet and discuss potential board and Advisory Council members.
* Succession planning to be discussed further, possibly with insights from KEXP's recent experience.
* Advisory Council to be formed with clear expectations and potential for informal meetings.

#### **Other Business:** <a href="#nbgeszwk5axk" id="nbgeszwk5axk"></a>

* Clair shared a positive encounter with a local band that will be featured on BFF.
* Ben announced the impending arrival of his baby this summer, which was celebrated by the board.

#### **Adjournment:** <a href="#id-9v5oyn790wzo" id="id-9v5oyn790wzo"></a>

* The meeting was adjourned with appreciation for the extended time and contributions from all members.

### 8:41 pm — Meeting adjourned. <a href="#id-7w4xi3b53xkb" id="id-7w4xi3b53xkb"></a>

The next meeting of the BFF.fm board is scheduled for 6pm on May 16 2024. See [https://board.bff.fm](https://board.bff.fm/) for more information.

### Action Items <a href="#rqi00b94vu98" id="rqi00b94vu98"></a>

* Brandon to fill out [Fundraising Calendar](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1OZI6nu1juLKetn1abWnRMGdM8_6Fehbi/edit#gid=2036750973) with items from board retreat
* Brandon, Irving and Amanda to meet for Town Hall
* Calendar items
* Pick your ideal board members!
* Succession planning
