---
description: May 23rd 2024, San Francisco
---

# May 2024

## Agenda <a href="#isq2qnxilcuv" id="isq2qnxilcuv"></a>

* Review Agenda & Vote

### Discussion Topics <a href="#gh90gq7a3ij6" id="gh90gq7a3ij6"></a>

1. Board Development
2. LPFM Update
3. KEXP partnership
4. Review Action Items
5. Finance

### Closing Items <a href="#m2d59stcwc8p" id="m2d59stcwc8p"></a>

* Public Comment
* Any other business?

### Minutes <a href="#zdlkpcfvvx1" id="zdlkpcfvvx1"></a>

Present:

* **Amanda Guest**, Chair, Executive Director
* **Brandon Paski**, Secretary, Chair of Marketing Committee
* **Irving Pham**, Treasurer
* **Clair McDevitt**, Chair of Fundraising Committee
* **Ben Ward**, Technical Director
* **Caryn Kesler**, Vice Chair, Creative Director
* **Kerri O‚ÄôMalley**, Chair of Content Marketing Subcommittee

Absent:

* **Erika Delgado**, Board Member at Large

Public:

* **Christa Hartsock**

### 6:02 pm ‚Äî Convene, Vote on Agenda & Previous Minutes <a href="#byvicgateta6" id="byvicgateta6"></a>

Vote **YES** to approve the minutes.

Vote **YES** to adopt the proposed agenda.

### Board Development

* Christa is joining us today (HI CHRISTA üëã)
* Leads on Art director, others
  1. Amanda is doing a lot of the design work
  2. Ideally looking for someone else to step into this role, offload some responsibility/conflicts for Amanda
  3. Action Item for Brandon to check in with [Ashley Graham](https://www.kqed.org/news/11966749/meet-the-woman-behind-the-fillmores-famous-posters) - Action item for Clair to follow up with Brandon.
* Other needs (fundraising, HR director)
* Provide blurb/description for art director or fundraising roles for others to reach out to interested parties?
  1. Would only take a few hours a month, consistent visual language across our flyers/social media/posts, etc
  2. Sending specs to designers and making sure they are consistent

### LPFM Update

* **Fundraising: $23,220 to goal**
  1. We need additional/continued help with fundraising for this effort
* SFSU site meeting May 20 11:30am
  1. Per Brian, 2 viable locations, possibly easy install?
  2. Brian doesn‚Äôt feel super comfortable with the backend engineering work that Michael has done
  3. Brian will be the local go-between and Michael will be the technical expert if needed
  4. Still need to talk about pricing with SFSU and monthly rent impacts
  5. Brian and Michael disagree about our impact on KDFC signals
  6. Current cost - $7,000, Expected additional cost - $8,000
     1. Brian said $25,000 was a reasonable fundraising goal for equipment, plus 1 year of rent
  7. Future considerations, rent contract, insurance liabilities and how it affects current BFF.fm commercial insurance policy
  8. Hamid has been pretty ‚Äúchill‚Äù about the situation so far, he has had experience with cell providers and such, so is briefed with this type of rental agreement/situationship
  9. Michael needs to go back to the FCC about a change of venue/location for the broadcasting
  10. This is the first major contract that we need to review, so this is new territory
      1. Ben had a question about the timing of the contract and if we were presented and how quickly we would need to respond, etc
      2. We could bring in Alan Korn back in to review this, since he has experience with KUSF contract
  11. Clair proposed a sub-committee to review the contract and the particulars, so the nuances don‚Äôt need to be discussed with the entire board
* What FCC training would be needed for DJ‚Äôs? In-house or contracted?
  1. Amanda has updated the handbook with FCC guidelines but basically:
     1. No swearing
     2. Play station ID‚Äôs (need to be formatted a certain way)
     3. No selling things! ([Payloa](https://www.fcc.gov/sites/default/files/payola-rules.pdf))
  2. Amanda talked with KXSF but they haven‚Äôt documented anything ü§∑

### KEXP partnership

* Ethan (CEO) and Betsy (director of development) to attend July 18 board meeting
  1. They just want to chat with us and see how we do things and offer suggestions
* October DJ training session
  1. Haven‚Äôt set an EXACT date and time but possibly week of Oct 18, where KEXP DJ‚Äôs teach our DJ‚Äôs how to DJ
* Chris Kellogg (Director of Programming) has a standing monthly meeting with Amanda

### Review Action Items

* Brandon to fill out [Fundraising Calendar](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1OZI6nu1juLKetn1abWnRMGdM8_6Fehbi/edit#gid=2036750973) with items from board retreat - Have not started, Clair did fill out some action items. Brandon to fill out Q2 - Q4.
* Brandon, Irving and Amanda to meet for Town Hall - PIck a June date
  1. Start a DM about possible dates
* ~~Calendar items - Valentine's Day Fundraiser check in~~ (maybe for 2025)
* Fundraising/Strategic Plan Dashboard
  1. We need to revisit it and be responsible for reviewing/updating/making the changes
  2. Plan was to have a quarterly check-in with Sara, but we haven‚Äôt even gotten there
* Pick your ideal board members! Meeting Wed Mar 27 at 5pm
  * Need more input and discussion about desired attributes for potential board members
* Succession planning
  * Revisit in September meeting
* Update deck for Underwriting, New Deck for Major Donor Cultivation, Update General Operating Request for Support **- Amanda and Clair**
* Annual Report- Note in calendar for **Irving** that says review 2023 budget, **Amanda** layout, **Ben** stats
* Create social graphics for donor and underwriter decks that can be used for other things throughout the year **- Kerri**
* Town Hall by Jan 15 (for DJs/volunteers, not other donors). TY gift or certificate for top fundraisers. - **Brandon**
  * Push to June. - decide on date and responsibilities at Jan. board meeting
* Ask folks that gave a one time gift in last FY (under $250) to consider becoming Besties; ask current Besties and DJs to increase monthly contribution by $5 or $10 - ??? **- Irving will claim task, (will draft template before sending)**
  * _My bad, I still need to do this! - Irving_
* Target meeting with three new corporations **- Clair to move to Q2**
  * Fundraising committee working on some of this, needs board support.
* Start planning for hosted presentations at the three corps above, goal: engage employees in corporate giving **- Clair to move to Q2**

### Finance

* Taxes filed for 2024
* April 2024 April 2023
* Checking $12,263 $23,979
* Savings $42,516 $25,010
* **Total** **$54,779 $48,990**
* Switching from Loomly instead of Sprout Social, slightly

### Any Other Business?

1. Amanda is on vacation July 7th to 14th - NO DM‚ÄôS!
2. Volunteer Event went pretty well
   * Only half of the registrants attended
   * However volunteers were interested and engaged (Quality not quantity!)

### Public comment

* P\&L is a publicly accessible document?

### 7:54 pm ‚Äî Meeting adjourned. <a href="#id-7w4xi3b53xkb" id="id-7w4xi3b53xkb"></a>

The next meeting of the BFF.fm board is scheduled for 6pm on July 17 2024. See [https://board.bff.fm](https://board.bff.fm/) for more information.

### Action Items <a href="#rqi00b94vu98" id="rqi00b94vu98"></a>
