# June 2019

June 27th 2019, San Francisco

## AGENDA

Prior to the meeting, please add items for discussion here:

1. Review Agenda
2. Committee Updates
   1. Tech
   2. Content
   3. Others
3. Mush Report
4. Board Profiles
5. Fundraising/Summer Sustainer Update
6. Action Items for Next Month

## MINUTES

Scribe: **Ben Ward**

Convene as Best Frequencies, Inc. Board of Directors

Present:

* Ben Ward
* Amanda Guest
* Tom Tierney
* Guest: Forrest Guest

### 19:15: Finances & Fundraising

* Reviewed annual finances w/ Forrest \(treasurer.\)
* Events are currently costs. Should we consider ways in the future to tie specific fundraising to events: e.g. dedicated fundraiser for Bestie Bash
* Or, would love for the event to be free \(paid for somehow\), with possibility of dedicating the events to raise for another cause.

### Mush. “A financial suck”

* We’re half way through.
* Moving from Marina Lawn to Ferry Lawn.
* Ferry Lawn hosts successful movie night, will cross-promote.
* Bar breaking even; not significant income to BFF as hoped.
* Expect to come out of this about flat — which wasn’t the plan but not a disaster.
* Some investment in equipment — can reuse for Bestie Bashes, back-up, etc.
* Volunteers
  * Reasonable participation from DJs

### 19:40. Post townhall thoughts.

* Lots of people want to be on committees
* Few people want to run committees
* Pretty dependent on Amanda to kick off each of these things.
* Throwin’ Bo’s
  * Discovered us through Bestie Bash
  * Interested in doing a show
  * Might be able to help promote shows
  * Will meet with them; then convene committee
* Tech
  * Haven’t convened committee yet.
  * Working on website hosting
  * Reviewing analytics & alerting platform for site reliability

### Summer Sustainer

* We’re not hitting the goal
* Short lead time, not many people participating
* New DJs are killing it!
* Still confident that if everyone participated we could hit the goal — every DJ needs &lt; 1 bestie.
* We need a development director to scale up

### Board effectiveness

* Next time \(without Will in absentia\) we’ll try to nail down more specifically our roles, try and take an action item each month.
* Establish standard reporting for each member/committee.

## Action Items

* Tom
  * Set up event sponsor meetings
  * Will follow up with accountants w/r/t/ treasurer position.
  * Help Rome set up underwriting efforts
* Ben
  * Convene the tech committee
* Amanda
  * Research and reach out regarding committee structures for review next board meeting.
  * Sync with our pro bono consultant who helped with the strategic plan and figure out next specs.
  * Focus on the development director position. Could we hire someone on a contract?
* Will
  * Plan the agenda for next month

—

20:38 — Meeting adjourned.

