---
description: January 20th 2022, San Francisco
---

# January 2022

## Agenda <a href="#_isq2qnxilcuv" id="_isq2qnxilcuv"></a>

### Opening Items <a href="#_yuu2t17tejmb" id="_yuu2t17tejmb"></a>

* Review Agenda & Vote
* Vote to approve previous minutes

### Discussion Topics <a href="#_gh90gq7a3ij6" id="_gh90gq7a3ij6"></a>

1. Committee Updates
2. Review Action Items
3. Marketing/launch plan for the BFF.fm app
4. Annual Report
5. Scavenger Hunt 2022

### Closing Items <a href="#_m2d59stcwc8p" id="_m2d59stcwc8p"></a>

* Open for public comment
* Any other business?

## Minutes <a href="#_2rotxoh0qmlm" id="_2rotxoh0qmlm"></a>

Scribe: **Ben Ward**

Present:

* **Erika Delgado**, Events Director
* **Amanda Guest**, Chair, Executive Director
* **Caryn Kesler**, Vice Chair, Creative Director
* **Jenn Lemon,** Treasurer
* **Clair McDevitt**, **** Chair of Fundraising Committee
* **Brandon Paski**, Chair of Marketing Committee
* **Ben Ward**, Secretary, Technical Director

### 18:11 — Convene, Vote on Agenda & Previous Minutes <a href="#_byvicgateta6" id="_byvicgateta6"></a>

{% hint style="success" %}
Vote **YES** to approve the December minutes.
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="success" %}
Vote **YES** to adopt the proposed agenda.
{% endhint %}

### 18:10 — Committee Updates <a href="#_84iqkmbhjywq" id="_84iqkmbhjywq"></a>

#### Events <a href="#_ag5lj28sdfu3" id="_ag5lj28sdfu3"></a>

* Yesterday was our Besties Bash. Trying to book next month.
* Approached by NoisePop about doing another NoisePop happy hour. Feb 28th, booked by Twin Peaks Sessions.
* Mike of Twin Peaks is moving to the East Coast, so that will be the last TP event for a while.
* Met w/ Make Out Event to discuss events in 2021. They feel that the band portion of it is working really well (e.g. 2 bands earlier in the evening, then DJs after 10pm.) May look at adding a 3rd band and go later, but deferred due to COVID. Some streamlining of how many guest DJs get booked.

#### Marketing <a href="#_wgnuhzqsq9wv" id="_wgnuhzqsq9wv"></a>

* Working w/ Bottom of the Hill on some ticket giveaways.
* Working w/ Public Works, but they’re closed atm.
* Some discussions about how to market the app launch.

#### Fundraising <a href="#_cvytvpvajm91" id="_cvytvpvajm91"></a>

* Grants for the Arts $10,000 just came through. Information for their 2022 grant cycle was supposed to be released in a few weeks, but that’s not happening and the process is changing. Makes it very difficult to predict if we’ll be able to apply for this grant again this year; wait and see.
* National Endowment for the Arts grant in progress, requires matching funds which is tricky given how hard it was to get those kinds of donations during winter fundraising and the state of philanthropic giving being a bit strange right now.
* Winter fundraising fell short of $20,000 goal, total was $18,431. $73 under what we raised in 20,000, $2000 under 2019. Action item for the next meeting would be to resume the Tinitivities actions.

Q (Ben): When we did Tinitivities last year we talked about growing these ideas from Board level out to BFF.fm community at large. Can we revisit that, or should this be driven out of the Fundraising committee rather than board level?

A: Board needs to set an example to the DJs. DJs also just did a lot of heavy lifting on the end of year fundraising, so need to be aware of how much we’re asking of them.

Also noting that we don’t want to become a T-shirt shop; be wary of having too transactional a relationship w/ supporters.

Q (Eddie): We should make a mix tape. Collaborate w/ local label.

A: We did this for the 4th birthday. Some interest in revisiting the idea again, maybe plan for the 9th birthday.

#### Tech <a href="#_wzkeg1mtaey" id="_wzkeg1mtaey"></a>

* App beta testing is ongoing. There's a fair list of open bugs that they're working on, and we've had a bit of feedback from testers.
* Launch plan TBD in agenda below
* First committee meeting of the year is pending; Lydia and Linda had some scheduling issues.
* Some ongoing issues with archiving as both studios are in use; looking for volunteers for that.
* Looking to distribute more of Forrest’s tasks as his day-job isn’t allowing as much time. Will take this as an agenda item for the next tech committee meeting.

#### Board Development <a href="#_w15d6suk6vti" id="_w15d6suk6vti"></a>

Not sure when this will need to happen, but flagging that we discussed last year that we’d consider voting to expand the board so that we can have more members than 7.

#### Music <a href="#_d3ay2ow083lc" id="_d3ay2ow083lc"></a>

No big update, but Top 100 2021 chart came out; 23% of artists were local.

#### Finance <a href="#_npps9xcl50rv" id="_npps9xcl50rv"></a>

* Some compliance issues from past filings are still being resolved.
* Stripe integration w/ QuickBooks issue is resolved, working on summarizing 2021.

### 18:35 — Review Action Items <a href="#_hp35n2faetsv" id="_hp35n2faetsv"></a>

#### Caryn: QR code for Studio F <a href="#_8gu79mib5kt0" id="_8gu79mib5kt0"></a>

* Not done, will follow up now that requirements are clarified.

#### Amanda: Julie PR follow-up <a href="#_l8pel1ayju95" id="_l8pel1ayju95"></a>

* Pausing on this until we understand our 2022 budget for additional work of this kind.

#### Amanda: Job Functions <a href="#_jr6s1ho5m1o" id="_jr6s1ho5m1o"></a>

* Done. Pending 2022 budget we can open the discussion about how some of those functions can be

### 18:40 — Marketing/launch plan for the BFF.fm app <a href="#_1n7r91mq33ac" id="_1n7r91mq33ac"></a>

* Beta is ongoing, and no-longer coupled to the winter fundraising, so no-longer so critical to launch imminently if there are features to fix.
* We have some content on the website (e.g. Get Involved) that needs to be completed still.
* Amanda has some design feedback still to provide.
* PMA are due to arrange a training session.
* Clair: Would be cool if we could have a launch party for it, but that’s probably March/April.
* Generally, would expect to do a social/email/newsletter promo campaign when it launches. Probably look to have some kind of banner/prompt on the BFF website.
* Brandon: Could consider putting some app-exclusive content inside the app ticket giveaway, or such, as a reward to people who download it.

### 18:57 — Annual Report <a href="#_n0r86yq2bsm" id="_n0r86yq2bsm"></a>

* Need budget review, Jen working on this.
* Need overview of listener stats as best we can understand them. Forrest has pulled this in the past; task might need to be delegated.

### 19:02 — Scavenger Hunt 2022 <a href="#_rqvqfetbgf4g" id="_rqvqfetbgf4g"></a>

* When do we want to do it? Advised after 2021 not to do it on any holiday weekend. Weekends of September 10th, 17th, 24th are possible options. We should look for conflicting events.
* Also considered reducing it to 2 day event rather than 3 as was the holiday.
* Considered having the event culminate in an event. Either a show or happy hour or something.
* We should also look to secure sponsorship first again and secure funding before we proceed.
* Amanda and Clair to meet.

### 19:57 — Public Comments <a href="#_bohzwgysxrt" id="_bohzwgysxrt"></a>

* No public comments this month.

### 19:17 — Any other business? <a href="#_8935se679bls" id="_8935se679bls"></a>

* We have some time slots open in the schedule.
* We have a volunteer wanting to be an intern for the semester. Interested in having them do some curation for the automation system.
* Discussed day of week for next meeting. Not expecting to meet in person next month due to ongoing COVID-ness.
* What’s the status of the Ferry Building? Status quo continues. Renewed insurance for the full year.
* Discussed trademark filing which needs to be prioritized for 2022. Key tool to prevent social media squatting, etc.
* We should get a TikTok.
* Follow-up discussion on the redacted item from March 2021.

### 19:30 — Meeting adjourned. <a href="#_7w4xi3b53xkb" id="_7w4xi3b53xkb"></a>

The next meeting of the BFF.fm board is scheduled for 6pm on February 17th 2022. See [https://board.bff.fm](https://board.bff.fm) for more information.

### Action Items <a href="#_rqi00b94vu98" id="_rqi00b94vu98"></a>

* Everyone: Think about hosting a fundraising activity in 2022.
* Everyone: Test the BFF.fm app and provide feedback.
* Caryn: Carry-over: QR code for Studio F
* Ben: Have the technical committee discuss how to support Forrest’s station engineer tasks
* Clair: Scavenger Hunt potential dates weekend of Sept. 17 and Sept. 24.
