---
description: July 21, 2022, San Francisco
---

# July 2022

### Agenda <a href="#_isq2qnxilcuv" id="_isq2qnxilcuv"></a>

* Review Agenda & Vote
* Vote to approve previous minutes

### Discussion Topics <a href="#_gh90gq7a3ij6" id="_gh90gq7a3ij6"></a>

1. Committee Updates
2. Review Action Items
3. Mosswood Meltdown recap and Halloween Meltdown opportunity

### Closing Items <a href="#_m2d59stcwc8p" id="_m2d59stcwc8p"></a>

* Open for public comment
* Any other business?

### Minutes <a href="#_2rotxoh0qmlm" id="_2rotxoh0qmlm"></a>

Present:

* **Amanda Guest**, Chair, Executive Director
* **Caryn Kesler**, Vice Chair, Creative Director
* **Clair McDevitt**, Secretary, Chair of Fundraising Committee
* **Brandon Paski**, Chair of Marketing Committee
* **Ben Ward**, Technical Director

Absent:

* **Erika Delgado**, Events Director

### 6:09 pm — Convene, Vote on Agenda & Previous Minutes <a href="#_byvicgateta6" id="_byvicgateta6"></a>

Vote **YES** to approve the MONTH minutes.

Vote **YES** to adopt the proposed agenda.

### 6:09 pm— Committee Updates <a href="#_84iqkmbhjywq" id="_84iqkmbhjywq"></a>

#### Events <a href="#_w6i16w323t9p" id="_w6i16w323t9p"></a>

* Rescheduled Besties Bash from May to end of July.
* Eddie will convene an events committee meeting after that.

#### Marketing <a href="#_axg489203lnz" id="_axg489203lnz"></a>

* Marketing committee held a working meeting, created a master calendar for marketing communications. Added to committee meeting slack channel. Will add Besties Bash and Makeout Room Night.
* Brandon connected with The Chapel. Going to work out a partnership on giveaways or something. WIll add to Live Nation and Another Planet partnerships.
* Social media insights: Instagram performing well, reached 33.5 more accounts the past 30 days. Facebook and Twitter are staying flat if not going down a bit.
* Auto tweets will be renewed, will halp with twitter content. Web traffic is steady or up, can track some app to website traffic.

#### Fundraising <a href="#_ruyiczn585ky" id="_ruyiczn585ky"></a>

* Besties campaign to start at end of Aug. to renew folks who have fallen off and recruit new Besties.
* App campaign in advance of full Besties campaign. Targeted to people who use the app to help support it
* Underwriting and DJ sponsorships -
  1. A: With the app we have more flexibility with how we can share content. Amanda created an underwriting package to communicate with potential underwriters. This would basically pay for a DJ to have access to the station, costs about $1,000/year. Sent emails to everyone who sponsored the scavenger hunt. Also emailed any business I’ve talked to and any business that was on Roll Over Easy in the last year. Asked DJs if they had recs, got some others. Goal of 10 before Sept.
  2. Lost about 100 besties but from peak about 40, two years ago had 140 active now 109, losing besties plus sliding/scale opt out dues model has resulted in less revenue. About half of DJs pay dues.
  3. Same thinking for underwriting can apply to talking to donors, individuals or organizations or businesses.
  4. Ben re: the Besties campaign, have we given any consideration to other kind of membership platforms? Fully boxed platforms and also open up member-exclusive content?
     * Could go back to pre-pandemic Besties-only email
     * Besties only playlist - somebody would have to do it.
     * Should probably reconsider Bestie benefits before launching the campaign. Tinytivities for Summer and Fall.
  5. Brandon - fundraiser for stolen equipment or specific need? Tent? New merch - beanies and patches would have to buy upfront.
  6. Amanda - Silver Sprocket merch pop up in Sept, opening and closing party and endcap for the month. What specific merch can we produce? Croc charms.

#### Tech <a href="#_bpek31ohsgtc" id="_bpek31ohsgtc"></a>

* Ben is now leading the Tech Committee, Lydia is secretary. Back on schedule with meetings. Kelly (volunteer) is working on Spotify playlists.
* Also able to recruit one of our old DJs to be a committee member. Having more smart tech capable people around will help us grow.
* Update for app home screen, a couple bugs still working out, not live yet but in progress. Project tracking in Trello now.

#### Board Development <a href="#_qaz8bpucyi5j" id="_qaz8bpucyi5j"></a>

* Committee night in Sept. or Oct - lots of interest, have open committee night where all committees convene and let everyone within BFF know, and also include the public, if interested can come see all the people who are in all the committees. Sept or Oct. Evening during the week.
* Board retreat in the fall - need to update strategic plan, can get that in motion. Will consider how we want to update it, if we want to keep the same initiatives and come up with new tactics. Will also consider each committee and come up with a more tailored set of priorities for the coming year.

#### Music - no updates <a href="#_mhsdmpekt6uu" id="_mhsdmpekt6uu"></a>

#### Finance - no updates <a href="#_i3gyperct43s" id="_i3gyperct43s"></a>

### 7:14 pm — Review Action Items <a href="#_ij87n2n3e2ff" id="_ij87n2n3e2ff"></a>

#### Eddie: convene events committee, Amanda: send contact details to Eddie <a href="#_hcmqksebrezc" id="_hcmqksebrezc"></a>

This is in progress, the committee will convene after the next Besties Bash.

#### Clair: convene Bestie sustainer campaign meeting. <a href="#_h3e9pova34bw" id="_h3e9pova34bw"></a>

Done, campaign planning in progress

#### Brandon: Ask Paul for Google analytics, pull social analytics. <a href="#_h4o3xkui38g" id="_h4o3xkui38g"></a>

Done.

#### Clair: share metrics dashboard <a href="#_y24y6e1uvokd" id="_y24y6e1uvokd"></a>

Done.

### 7:20 pm – Mosswood Meltdown recap and Halloween Meltdown opportunity <a href="#_10uvc6cj6w3l" id="_10uvc6cj6w3l"></a>

Awesome weekend, the stream was really well attended. Almost 2,000 unique viewers each day. Stream didn’t lead to any donations, didn’t for The Complex either. Got a lot of exposure but not a money making opportunity. Sold all our back cataloged merch. Made $600 in merch sales and about 50 in donations and gave away almost every sticker, used that money to order new buttons and stickers. We got 60 email signups and a lot of good mojo, overall a success.

We’ve been Invited back for Halloween Meltdown Oct. 8 and 9. Would cost the same as Mosswood, $3,000. Great to get in with the Total Trash people.

How do people feel about spending money for this given financial situation?

Ben, were we thinking of this as oppty to drive donations? Would we want that if we did it again?

Primarily for marketing, more general outcome would be driving more traffic to website and get more people interested.

Ben: when would have to commit money?

Amanda: we have a bit of time, get billed after the event.

Ben: Worth synching with Complex on how to do things differently?

Amanda: we could give them more material for their reels, could make something new. Could take all the jingles into something, maybe make a new video that highlights us as a nonprofit. Maybe figure out how to work us into their chat.

Ben: add qr code to video? Then not dependent on being signed into twitch.

Can we use stills from this event in the future? Some questions of what we can do with footage but screen grabs are ok. Could have photographer backstage to shoot interviews? Also have volunteer to screen capture in real time.

Ask for donations during the stream, before The Complex sends invoice deduct donations.

### 7:38 pm — Public Comments <a href="#_yzriitpr9iks" id="_yzriitpr9iks"></a>

* No public comments this month.

### 7:39 pm — Any other business <a href="#_8935se679bls" id="_8935se679bls"></a>

* Ben: Secret Alley issue this week?

Amanda: Project Local DJs violated several Secret Alley rules and their show has been canceled as a result and their access to the Alley deactivated.

### 7:48 pm — Meeting adjourned <a href="#_sum0kfxczkbs" id="_sum0kfxczkbs"></a>

The next meeting of the BFF.fm board is scheduled for 6pm on SEPTEMBER, 15 2022. See [https://board.bff.fm](https://board.bff.fm/) for more information.

### Action Items <a href="#_vdisv4icfar1" id="_vdisv4icfar1"></a>

Everyone: do you have a connection to a local business? Let’s introduce them to BFF and share messaging and underwriting package with them. Add details to the underwriting tab [of this spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/0/d/1w88OBb4P8RLS6r4Zka-NC42NLEeegOcrmtx8RKykcLw/edit):

Clair: schedule board retreat in October (weekends, add availability t[o this spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1a6\_lhMkGqrqZ\_VXn5f6iMEYFRe9Eb5Fseit8zi27PW8/edit?usp=sharing) by Aug. 10)

Amanda: start scheduling committee night (weekday evening)

Everyone: at next committee meetings, come up with a list of top metrics to share.
