---
description: January 16th 2020, San Francisco
---

# January 2020

## AGENDA

Prior to the meeting, please add items for discussion here:

1. Review Agenda
2. Budget
3. Annual Report Presentation & Rewards
4. Fundraiser Postmortem
5. New Partnerships

## MINUTES

Scribe: **Ben Ward**

Present:

* Amanda Guest, General Manager
* Ben Ward, Secretary, Technical Director
* Will Craven, President of the Board
* Tom Tierney

Guests:

* Forrest Guest, Treasurer

### 18:24 - Budget

* Books are balanced and the budget is published.
* 2019 goal was to get to a budget of $100,000. We met the goal! Made the goal on top of our largest one-of donation.
* Budget is primarily spent on people and programming.
* Discussed how Amanda’s salary should grow. She’s underpaid compared to this kind of position in a more established organization, but we also want to keep our people cost balanced without other expenses. Amanda’s annual review is in March. Considered an additional review later in the year.
* _A side discussion about whether Tom could start serving a Hanky Panky in order to lure Paul Sulway into helping out with ads._
* Equipment cost: Lots of big ticket items last year that will last years. Hard to exactly predict the expenses so planning to remain consistent.
* 2020 emphasis on fundraising is about significantly growing our grant income.
* Expect to maintain a relationship with Josef Krebs and company for consulting and grant writing.
* VOTE: In favour of the budget for 2020. Passed.
* VOTE: Formalise accounting of 2019 numbers. Passed..

### 19:08 - Annual Report Presentation & Awards

* Nick has been crunching the database to get interesting insights.
* Ben will look for some interesting listenership stats worth celebrating.
* We should start taking manual records of weekly/monthly stats, since we don’t have an automated method.
* Working on the physical awards — want to do something fun, don’t want to be wasteful.
* Event is on the 26th.

### Fundraiser Postmortem

* It went really well! We beat the target: Raised > $20,000
* 17 DJs made big contributions.
* Gala was a huge success.
* Some large donations straggling into 2020 (not counted yet, so a good new year bonus!)

### New Partnerships

* Salesforce/Transbay Park — Want to do a concert series. Budget is TBD.
  * Tentative plan: First Fridays lunchtime; noon–1:30pm
  * Investigate larger series ala MUSH later in the year.
* We have a contact at the Ferry Building. No news yet.
* Working with Sonny Smith on a live music concept.

### Other Business

* Motion to move Amanda’s future annual reviews (after this March) no later than December 15th each year (to align with budget revisions.) Passed.

## **ACTION ITEMS**

*
  * Ben, Will, Tom
    * Plan Amanda’s annual review for March.
  * Ben
    * Stats for the report
      * Content on the site
      * Listenership
      * Archives played/shows created
  * Tom
    * Investigate bar-rewards as possible awards for the 26th.
  * Will
    * Work with Thor for his Feb 2nd event.
  * Amanda
    * Finish annual report
  * Forrest
    * State and Federal tax filings.
    * Shift focus to grant writing and board recruitment.

20:07 — Meeting adjourned.
