---
description: March 26th 2020, San Francisco
---

# March 2020

## AGENDA

Prior to the meeting, please add items for discussion here:

1. Review Agenda \[Ben]
2. COVID-19
3. Quarterly Board Meetings \[Amanda]
4. Committees \[Amanda]
5. Board Recruitment \[Amanda]
6. Performance evaluation recap \[Will]
7. Evaluation process and format \[All]
8. General BFF.fm has been doing! \[Will]

## MINUTES

Scribe: **Ben Ward**

Present:

* Amanda Guest, General Manager
* Ben Ward, Secretary, Technical Director
* Will Craven, President of the Board
* Tom Tierney

### 18:09 - COVID-19

* Studio is closed
* No impact as yet on donations or dues. We’re on track with where we were last year.

### 18:12 - Quarterly Board Meetings & Committees

* Noted in the feedback cycle that we need more people involved to help us scale.
* We’re falling behind on the strategic initiative to establish committees:
  * Important as it creates a pipeline for future board members
  * Important as it gets more people involved.
* If we shift the board schedule to quarterly meetings, but we’d expect the committees to meet monthly and send notes around to the board, and review committee goals/objectives at the board meetings.
* We should put a board member on each committee to kick start the process, reducing board meetings makes time.
* Next steps:
  * With each committee, review goals for the committee chair and Amanda.
  * Board votes to establish quarterly schedule in Q2.
  * Board members to be allocated to committees to chair:
    * Ben: Tech (already serving)
    * Will: Marketing
    * Tom: Fundraising
    * Amanda: Board Oversight
* New job descriptions for each board member have been drafted. Will review and vote to ratify at the next meeting.
  * Proposes to adjust the structure to reflect the reality of our roles: Amanda would assume the new title of “President”, Will would become “Chairperson” to split the conflicting aspects of the old President role.

### 18:42 - Board Recruitment

* Amanda worked with Josef to create a board matrix, mapping members, roles, and skills.
* Recruitment job description put together.
* Shortlist created of possible candidates, approaches pending.
* Goal to get 2-3 new people on the board by end of 2020
* Will and Tom’s terms expire this year. There are no limits on the number of terms.
* All board members to take an action item to consider people they might nominate to the board.
* Amanda reviewed the current shortlist and outreach status for each.

### 19:14 - Performance Evaluation Recap

* Will & Amanda met last week to deliver her annual report. Positive review.
* We have an open question on Amanda’s raise and how it fits with annual budgeting.

### 19:32 - Performance review process

* Noted that this process felt cold/alienating, could have included more personal/less formal contact.
  * Board were concerned at trying to find representative input and prioritised separating this process from personal friendships
  * But, communications with Amanda were confusing, tonally cold.
* The process took too long to execute — especially after kick-off, such that progress was unclear.
* “Possibly the process was _overly thorough_.”
* Parts of the requests for self-feedback lacked clarity, and weren’t clarified during the process.
* Disappointing level of engagement from those asked to provide feedback.
* Goals of the process weren’t clearly enough laid out to start, nor clarified during the process.
* Need to consider how organizational goals and personal goals are captured for measurement.
  * We lacked objective goals for this first review as none had previously been established.

What will we do next time:

* Have a kick-off conversation with Amanda to review the process.
* Amanda should have 2020 goals set by the end of April, which will then correspond to the review.
* Next review will correspond to setting the 2021 budget in Q4 2020 — so likely planning the process at the end of Q3.
* Salary-review wise: We need to be all educated in the budgeting process to ensure alignment over the method of calculating salary.
* We’ll consider alternative approaches for getting community feedback.

### 20:23 - Spring Fundraiser

* Going ahead as planned, despite COVID-19: Fundraising will kick off on April 15th, run through May/June. Split the target into two stages, with a second round in August.

### Any Other Business

* Calling out how great the community has been under the pandemic situations. Keeping broadcasting, financial support to other DJs, and so on.

## **ACTION ITEMS**

* All
  * Review board job descriptions in advance of next month.
  * Consider people to nominate to the board — suggestions due June 1st; email Amanda as you go.
* Amanda
  * Have meetings with each committee lead to set goals.
  * Set your own goals for review next month.
  * Meet with Paul & Vicky about Google AdWords project
* Ben
  * Share previous minutes with the board for ratification.
  * Fixing shared access to the board drive.
  * Check out KBOO’s minutes for comparison to ours.
  * Meet with Amanda about tech committee goals.
* Tom
  * Meet with Amanda about Fundraising committee goals.
  * Watch for real estate opportunities.
* Will
  * Meet with Amanda about Market & PR committee goals.

20:45 — Meeting adjourned.
