---
description: August 18, 2022, San Francisco
---

# August 2022 BFF.fm Special Board Meeting

### Agenda <a href="#_isq2qnxilcuv" id="_isq2qnxilcuv"></a>

### Opening Items <a href="#_yuu2t17tejmb" id="_yuu2t17tejmb"></a>

* Review Agenda & Vote

### Discussion Topics <a href="#_gh90gq7a3ij6" id="_gh90gq7a3ij6"></a>

1. Consideration for Board Treasurer: Irving Pham
2. Vote

### Closing Items <a href="#_m2d59stcwc8p" id="_m2d59stcwc8p"></a>

* Open for public comment
* Any other business?

### Minutes <a href="#_2rotxoh0qmlm" id="_2rotxoh0qmlm"></a>

Present:

* **Amanda Guest**, Chair, Executive Director
* **Caryn Kesler**, Vice Chair, Creative Director
* **Clair McDevitt**, Secretary, Chair of Fundraising Committee
* **Erika Delgado**, Events Director

Absent:

* **Ben Ward**, Technical Director
* **Brandon Paski**, Chair of Marketing Committee

Guest:

* **Irving Pham**

### 6:07 pm — Convene, Vote on Agenda <a href="#_byvicgateta6" id="_byvicgateta6"></a>

Approved

### 6:07 pm Discussion of Board Treasurer <a href="#_1pn6gmsfjqoy" id="_1pn6gmsfjqoy"></a>

Irving has lived in San Francisco for about 10 years, his background is in nonprofits and transit agencies. He works for the City and County of San Francisco and started as a BFF DJ in April.

Forrest, previous treasurer, is working on some tax items now. If confirmed, he will do an overview with Irving. Amanda will go through P\&L process and budget review with Irving. Will figure out a schedule for P\&L and ½ year budget review as well as tax filing.

Caryn: What are you hoping to get out of this?

Irving: I’m a little removed from things in the government sector, I’m excited to use my skillset to help this community that I want to be more a part of.

Amanda: Part of the board role is fundraising. What are your feelings about that and did you have any thoughts?

Irving:I have some fundraising experience with small events but not on an annual basis. I can speak from the heart about how much this has meant to me in the last few months. Genuine connection - springboard that excitement to fundraising.

### 6:33 pm Vote <a href="#_k8rwha8dd3e8" id="_k8rwha8dd3e8"></a>

Amanda nominate; Clair second. APPROVED.

### 6:35 pm — Public Comments <a href="#_yzriitpr9iks" id="_yzriitpr9iks"></a>

* No public comments this month.

### 6:36 pm — Any other business <a href="#_8935se679bls" id="_8935se679bls"></a>

* Submit availability for the board retreat to Clair this week.

### 6:37 pm — Meeting adjourned <a href="#_sum0kfxczkbs" id="_sum0kfxczkbs"></a>

The next meeting of the BFF.fm board is scheduled for 6pm on SEPTEMBER, 15 2022. See [https://board.bff.fm](https://board.bff.fm/) for more information.
