---
description: November 21st 2019, San Francisco
---

# November 2019

## AGENDA

Prior to the meeting, please add items for discussion here:

1. Review Agenda
2. Fundraising
   1. Campaign Progress
   2. Gala
3. Committee Updates
   1. Tech

## MINUTES

Scribe: **Ben Ward**

Present:

* Amanda Guest, General Manager
* Ben Ward, Secretary, Technical Director
* Will Craven, President of the Board

Absent:

* Tom Tierney

### 18:10 - Fundraising

* Matching fund: we’re halfway to our goal!
  * Some high-priority donor engagement is still ongoing.
  * Generally, brought in significantly more this month than previous years.
* Gala planning is ongoing
  * Scheduled for _Giving Tuesday_, Dec 3rd.
  * Will has reached out to various local publications and sources to promote the event.
  * Event is listed and pre-selling tickets.
  * Show is being advertised on Instagram.
* Started working with a grant writer from Krebs.
  * We’re applying for 3/4 grant applications.
  * Some are project-based, but aligned with existing station operations.
* 28 day social campaign is being prepared — will also launch Dec 3rd.
* Also, we’ll be drafting a budget for 2020.

### 18:31 - Board Development

* We’ll kick off a dedicated board recruitment effort in early 2020.

### 19:00 - Tech committee update

* Mostly doing infrastructure updates
* Need to prioritise projects for 2020
* Self-hosted analytics isn’t going great, will ask community for recommendations
* We should review our stream-hosting options as the current contract is up.

### 19:11 - Events & Mush

* No MUSH 2020 news yet.
* New contacts for the Ferry Building in SF.
* Contacts at Salesforce Park to pursue too.
* We’ll pursue all of these and likely tie them to grant applications.

### 19:16 - Storage

* Flagging: We’re out of storage space, so might need to start renting a storage unit, especially if we invest in a Live performance kit.

## **ACTION ITEMS**

*
  * All
    * Identify possible large donors ($1000/$500/$250) to tie into Giving Tuesday.
    * Gift cards etc. for the event.

19:23 — Meeting adjourned.
