---
description: October 24th 2019, San Francisco
---

# October 2019

## AGENDA

Prior to the meeting, please add items for discussion here:

1. Review Agenda
2. Committee Updates
   1. Tech
   2. Content
   3. Others
3. Finance Update
4. Fundraising
   1. End of Year Plan
   2. Donor Matching
5. Demographic Survey
6. Annual Report

## MINUTES

Scribe: **Ben Ward**

Present:

* Amanda Guest, General Manager
* Ben Ward, Secretary, Technical Director
* Will Craven, President of the Board
* Tom Tierney

### 18:23 - Committee Updates

* Promotions
  * Amanda met with Madi and Ana and they’re going to take over the Pop’s Nights. Good connections to DJs in Oakland.
  * New night w/ name and brand; projected visuals. More of an “event”.
  * Planning Silent Auction for Giving Tuesday (12/3)
  * Throwing Bo’s night was good; well curated, crossover attendance from Besties Bash audience.
  * Trying to get more active committee activity around events generally, working together, rather than individuals owning separate events.
* Tech:
  * Server migration is done.
  * We’re testing the new analytics stack  — it seems cost effective but it’s not stable enough yet to endorse.
  * Committee met; small turnout but means we’ve started and can start setting project priorities.
  * Forrest installed a new mix engine. Next step is to get new things connected to it.
* Fundraising:
  * Giving Tuesday is December 3rd.
  * Caro working on donors list for campaign targeting.
  * We want to run dedicated campaigns to have people upgrade their donations. Need to review the technology for this (Kindful vs. manual.)
  * We’re considering launching the fundraiser at the start of November. Might delay until mid-November to get various technical things in place.
  * We’ll have a target $15K for this campaign. Need to decide what we’ll do if we hit the goal early.
  * Working on putting together the match fund.
  * Working on ways to incentivise more DJ participation.
* Content:
  * Amanda is working with Lily exploring ideas around podcasting — both production of one to distribute station content, and curation of community podcasts.

### 19:33 - Annual Report

* What do we need to prepare for this? Make sure we’re ahead on it.
* Required as a non-profit, needs to be published by eo January 2020.
* Includes:
  * Budget report.
  * Strategic initiatives and work we’ve done toward it.
    * Some stories/reports that encapsulate the work toward initiatives.
  * Demographic coverage.
  * Let people know that they made a good investment.

## **ACTION ITEMS**

*
  * Ben
    * Check stats on banner ad
    * Set up donation/reward system for this year
    * Get a resolution on the Analytics Stack
  * Amanda
    * Running the fundraiser.
  * Will
    * PR for Giving Tuesday event.

19:49 — Meeting adjourned.
