---
description: July 8, 2025, San Francisco
---

# July 2025

## Agenda

* Review Agenda & Vote
* Vote to approve June minutes
* Resolve Previous Action Items&#x20;
* Discussion Topics

### Discussion Topics

1. Executive Update
   1. BFF.fm Town Hall - recap, debrief, follow-up
   2. Updated Station Governance section
   3. Tech & Fundraising Committees
2. Board Committee Updates
   1. Board Development Committee
   2. Finance Committee
3. Policies in Development

### Closing Items

* Public Comment?
* Anything from board committees not covered?
* Any other business?

## Minutes

_Attendance not recorded._

### 6:00 pm — Convene, Vote on Agenda & Previous Minutes

{% hint style="success" %}
Voted YES to adopt the proposed agenda.&#x20;
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="success" %}
Voted YES to approve last month’s minutes.&#x20;
{% endhint %}

### Review Previous Action Items

* \[Board] Further discuss and form the Board Evolution Working Group (now we’ve all joined the Board Development Committee, what’s next?)
* \[Board] Review the [Shakespeare Festival board example](https://sfshakes.org/join/board-membership/)
* \[Kerri and Amanda] Creative writing ideal board member profile draft  (pause on this until we discuss with Addie Rose)
* \[Irving] Finish purchase order form, pick up debit card, check BFF PO Box
* \[Amanda] Circulate Town Hall deck (done)
* \[?] Bring the board meeting slackbot back
* \[Amanda] Share budget breakdowns with committee co-chairs

### Discussion Topics

**Previous Action Items:**

* Bank has changed the terms of our account and now all cards are debit cards, so we may need to open a credit card separately. Irving and Forrest and Amanda to discuss.

**Town Hall Debrief:**

* A lot of set-up was on Amanda and Forrest - make sure that tasks are broken out better ahead of time next time.
* Felt rushed for many of us, confusing who was in charge of the meeting - board? Station leadership? Amanda?
  * Establish a cadence so we can plan ahead
  * Confusion about who and how to present - some of our people are slides people and some are not (doesn’t need to be corporate, it's just important to have slides for accessibility)
  * Consider having a station leadership charm school - give people an overview or training on presentations, etc. - guide for tips on how to be a committee chair; some tips coming out of marketing with Jo and Kerri.
  * Great to see different approaches - it doesn’t have to be a certain way.

{% hint style="success" %}
Station leadership should run the Town Halls, in collaboration with Amanda, with board presentations as appropriate.
{% endhint %}

**Executive Director:**

* Role definition now in the Handbook! Board should review so that we can give any feedback on how that’s structured.
* Review the recent CAC application - possibly  a good thing to add to the handbook, the About page of the website, etc.&#x20;

**Tech & Fundraising Committees:**

* **Tech Committee:** with leadership stepping down, what is next for the Tech Committee?&#x20;
  * Coding skills: website, doorbot (How complicated does the website need to be? Should we think about hiring someone for tech work?)
  * Can we map things to other committees?
  * How do we build a collaborative culture? Is it a committee or a team?
  * Ben and Jim are dealing with problems as they arise - Ben is thinking about it, see if he has any ideas
* Will talk about onboarding at the next Station Leadership meeting&#x20;
* **Fundraising Committee:** easing back into it via the underwriting project - possibly have a charm school about underwriting, send emails out together
  * Birthday planning meeting tomorrow - $5k goal for birthday
  * Can we do a pop-up Charm School ahead of time?

**Board Development Committee:**

{% hint style="success" %}
Amanda to reach out to Addie Rose to see if she can help us kick off recruiting, get a bid for a retreat.
{% endhint %}

**Policies:**

* Add to policies to-do: Board Conflict of Interest policy

**Any other business:**

* Programming working on Automation project - music for our library - can we fund for this possibly next year? Or should we rely on band outreach primarily? Try band outreach before adding to budget.
* Broadcasting two hours of dead silence last weekend - nobody in #tech-help - we might need a process - reboot the server with special teams access through 1password - silence detection possible to add? Tech Committee has discussed to see - maybe Jim can take it over
* Board Slackbot - bringing it back when the Governance board is officially convened - hold until we get there

### Action Items

* \[Kerri] Post minutes to Board Gitbook/website
* \[Irving] Finish purchase order form, pick up debit card, check BFF PO Box
* \[Irving] Provide budget for midyear SF Grants for the Arts grant/update (due end of July)
* \[Everyone] Read and review the new description of the ED role in the Handbook
* \[Everyone] Review grant proposal for CAC - includes an overview of where the organization
* \[Amanda] Reach out to Addie Rose for board development proposal
* \[Amanda] Post contest terms online, add to the giveaways Google Form
* \[Amanda] Share budget breakdowns with committee co-chairs - will do more in the end-of-year timeframe
