---
description: June 10, 2025, San Francisco
---

# June 2025

## Agenda

* Review Agenda & Vote
* Vote to approve May minutes
* Resolve Previous Action Items&#x20;
* Discussion Topics

### Discussion Topics

1. Budget
2. BFF.fm Town Hall on Monday June 23rd
3. Checking in: shifting to governance from working board

### Closing Items

* Public Comment?
* Anything from committees not covered?
* Any other business?

## Minutes

Present:&#x20;

* Mark
* Amanda
* Kerri
* Irving&#x20;

Absent:

* Clair
* Erika Delgado, Board Member at Large

### 6:35 pm — Convene, Vote on Agenda & Previous Minutes

{% hint style="success" %}
Voted YES to adopt the proposed agenda.&#x20;
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="success" %}
Voted YES to approve last month’s minutes.&#x20;
{% endhint %}

### Review Previous Action Items

* \[Board] Further discuss and form the Board Evolution Working Group
* \[Irving] Break out budget by committee to make a snapshot view (done, Amanda completed this)
* \[Irving] Create a purchase order form OR system for purchase requests to better track
* \[Kerri/Clair/Amanda] Next Committee Leads meeting - include relevant topics here (done)
* \[Kerri] Follow up on event committee meet-up to collaborate on line-ups, DJ-driven Listening Parties (done)

### Discussion Topics

**Budget 2025 Updates:**

* Amanda made some adjustments to the budget, including creating a notes column to note what she changed. Major changes include:
  * **Income:**
    * Taking out the Corporation/Foundation grants we have not secured (note: only add these once we’ve secured them)
    * Reducing the employer match estimate based on actual monthly
    * Updated income projection: \~$85,000 for the year
  * **Expenses:** Created a snapshot view by committee, see below:
    * **Fundraising Committee** - Currently Givebutter expense only; note that there probably does need to be line items for other supporting expenses next year
    * **Programming Committee** - Music licensing expense is all that’s in the budget
    * **Marketing Committee** - Only expenses in the budget are for graphic design and ordering merch; also noted that we need someone to take on optimizing our Google ads to take full advantage of the nonprofit benefit
    * **Operations Committee** - Equipment budget is set to $5,000, essentially an emergency fund for must-repair breaks; operations committee chairs are reviewing to see what we may want to add, including supplying equipment to make radio DJing more accessible to people (ex. a shared computer, a Recordbox enterprise account, etc.); workflow around equipment ordering is still a bit in process with new committee chairs. Right now Irving and Forrest have the ability to order.
    * **Tech Committee** - Tech expenses that weren’t documented in the budget have now been corralled into the spreadsheet - mostly a lot of subscriptions; note that Amanda has categorized “must haves” and “nice to haves” amongst the subscriptions should we need to make a choice down the line.
* Irving drafted a BFF.fm Purchase Order Form, still thinking through the process, receipt submitting, etc.&#x20;

**Station Leadership & Events Sub-Committee Meeting Recaps**

* **Station Leadership:** shared basic info about the restructuring of the board, taking on day-to-day leadership of the station, and Amanda’s liaison and mission alignment role between the two groups (board restructuring was well-received); talked about Town Hall
  * Excited to share the committee breakdown of budget/expenses with them; opens up the conversation about what we want to shift around or expand upon strategically and motivate committees to fundraise for something specific
* **Events Sub-Committee:** First meeting went well! Good turnout of folks with different levels of involvement; strong group to support each other; began to get some consensus on structure and goals
  * Listening Party - August (Secret Alley) - Amanda working to stay on budget but set up a special listening system, may change ticket sales.&#x20;
  * Most important takeaway for listening party is there can be flexibility in how we use the budgeted funds, but it needs to be discussed and approved ahead of time by marketing committee and Irving, not after.
  * Video finishing - Teddy working on it now, may or may not need to send for help editing

**Town Hall Planning**

* Chance for committees to celebrate wins and share needs
* Christa is stepping down as chair of the Tech Committee at the end of July, see if someone is down to step into that role via the Town Hall
  * Opportunity to make bite-sized chunks visible for tech - what don’t you need to know to code for?
* Amanda starting the deck, sharing with station leadership

**Evolution to Governance Board**

* We’re all joining the Board Development Committee channel!&#x20;
  * Amanda shared example of a great board overview and ideal member profile that we could use as a model for our planning from the [Shakespeare Festival](https://sfshakes.org/join/board-membership/)
  * Kerri and Amanda to work on creating a version of this for us to post online AND share with the whole DJ community to find candidates&#x20;

**Other Business:**

* Discussed bringing back the board meeting slackbot that would automatically share when a meeting is happen with some information about the board
* Amanda notes that we should definitely share the agenda ahead of the meeting if policy changes are being discussed so that people can come to hear about them directly

### Action Items

* \[Irving] Pick up physical debit card from branch
* \[Amanda] Share budget breakdowns with committee co-chairs
* \[Amanda] Circulate Town Hall deck
* \[?] Bring the board meeting slackbot back
* \[Everyone] Review the Shakespeare board example
* \[Kerri and Amanda] Creative writing ideal board member profile draft
