---
description: May 19, 2025, San Francisco
---

# May 2025

## Agenda

* Review Agenda & Vote
* Vote to approve April minutes
* Resolve Previous Action Items&#x20;
* Discussion Topics

### Discussion Topics

1. Check in: one month post-sabbatical
2. Defining roles and relationships - revisit/refine ED role, prep communications to share with community about new roles in light of: Amanda’s return, vision for the future of the board, and vision for committee/station leadership
3. Checking in: shifting to governance from working board - working group, timeline - what’s next?
4. DJ terms and renewal form
5. June Town Hall planning
6. Past Listening Parties video footage

### Closing Items

* Public Comment?
* Anything from committees not covered?
* Any other business?

## Minutes

Present:

* Amanda Guest, Chair, Executive Director
* Clair McDevitt, Chair of Fundraising Committee
* Irving Pham, Treasurer
* Kerri O’Malley, Vice-Chair, co-Chair of Marketing Committee
* Mark Pearson, Board Member

Absent:

* Erika Delgado, Board Member at Large

### 6:00 pm — Convene, Vote on Agenda & Previous Minutes

{% hint style="success" %}
Vote YES to adopt the proposed agenda.&#x20;
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="success" %}
Vote YES to approve last month’s minutes.&#x20;
{% endhint %}

### Review Previous Action Items

* \[Amanda] Confirm if Loomly account is registered to her personally, status of paid plan. ✅
* \[Irving] Look into setting up a BFF.fm [Venmo Charity](https://help.venmo.com/hc/en-us/articles/6678084998291-Charity-Profile-FAQ) account (still needs to be tied to a phone number, not moving forward) ✅
* Irving: Still needs to be tied to a phone number, so probably not a good idea moving forward
* \[Board] Further discuss and form the Board Evolution Working Group
* \[Mark] Take over trademark negotiations ✅
* \[Irving] Break out budget by committee to make a snapshot view, create a purchase order form OR system for purchase requests to better track
* \[Kerri] Research booth/press passes for Mosswood ✅
* \[Irving] Transfer money out of Givebutter for everything except the LPFM fund, check the PO box for pending funds ✅
* \[Kerri/Clair/Amanda] Next Committee Leads meeting - meeting keeps getting rescheduled, no action yet
* \[Kerri] Follow up on event committee meet-up to collaborate on line-ups, DJ-driven Listening Parties - event committee meet up will be in late May/June due to event lead schedule; had discussion with coordinator about listening parties ✅
* \[Clair] send Amanda wording for the DJ renewal form around demographics reporting ✅

### Discussion Topics

**Check-in post sabbatical:**

* Programming committee has been the #1 priority since it's so critical to our mission
* Too many hats scenario - not as involved with day to day, able to help in a more visionary capacity
* Pain point = well laid plans during transition time not holding up - operations committee hasn’t met yet, committee structure/process still a thing that new committees are trying to understand
* Clair to take over scheduling committee leads meeting
* Desire to build a new board co-hort for January 2026&#x20;
* Board Development Committee - should we all join it? Set a specific meeting for the summer (Addie Rose might be down to help with a board development retreat)

**Defining roles and relationships**

* Executive Director - define the roles, what that means for committee leadership/more clear leads for roles for the committee leads; committee leads and ED to meet ahead of town hall

**Shifting from governance to working board**

* Learnings from The Lab - the head there does board development mostly on own, board oversees it
* Drafting additional policies:&#x20;
  * Shared sponsorship agreement template for partnerships
  * Website terms of service - Mark and Amanda to schedule a side conversation to go through it
  * Giveaway policies - Amanda to send to Mark; link within each contest - pass on to promotions sub-committee chair (Apple)

**DJ renewal form**

* Coming from the programming committee and Amanda
* Looking @ current schedule, there are some DJs who are not tracking, not showing up/submitting reruns/communicating.&#x20;
* DJ renewal can help correct this and:
  * Gives DJs a natural stopping point, knowing when to wind their show down and preventing a scramble for replacements
  * Allow for a little more movement on the schedule (swapping times is now ad hoc)
  * Opportunity to be more deliberate about who we bring in and make the onboarding process easier for programming committee
  * Allow for more regular data gathering about our DJ community for demographics for grant applications, etc.
  * Recruit more volunteers to committees
  * Increase show funding through increased dues or help identifying show underwriters
* At upcoming town hall, share that we now have DJ terms - commit to 6 months at a time, goal is to do it quarterly&#x20;
  * September-December - every DJ currently on the schedule fill out the form, asking them to recommit to radio show for remainder of 2025
* Form also includes questions about fundraising and dues, which the board discussed:
  * Shows the cost of shows, asks for help to find a sponsor/underwriter ($1000/year, pay quarterly)
  * Dues - 50% of DJs pay dues, $10-50 per month - board discussed how we roll this out and what that means when we have strategic plan that has us moving away from dues. Sponsors for everyone could reopen the question of getting rid of DJ dues.&#x20;
* Responses to the renewal form will all live in the board drive. Amanda to export relevant information to the programming committee; Clair will add a sentence about not sharing demographic data with federal government

**Related programming committee updates**

* New DJ training flow being created, including handbook updates and forming a cohort of new DJs to onboard/train as a group
  * Onboard DJs on a quarterly basis - establish a regularly scheduled training, linked to the DJ renewal form cadence
* Automation has been out of date, music subcommittee is on the project of collecting new tracks and uploading to keep the automation fresh so programming doesn’t feel like they have to rush to find people to fill time

**June Town Hall planning**

* Calendar hold for June 23 @ 7pm
* Organize a thank you for the people who are doing the most - paper plate station suggested by marketing commmittee

**Listening Party videos**

* Backlog of footage - do we want to hire someone to edit?
* We have these huge raw video files not editable by the average human, getting someone who can handle that kind of footage is expensive
* What is good enough for grant applications, etc? iPhone footage may be enough. Video recording seems to have gotten bigger than it needed to be and is not a bite sized chunk to edit.
* Kerri to ask Teddy to send us the footage to evaluate it and see if we can tap connections to help.

{% hint style="danger" %}
Decided not to fund editing the footage; not in budget. Will explore options for editing through other connections (The Complex) and making sure we only capture what we need in files we can work with.
{% endhint %}

### Other Business

* Teddy message in station leadership re: request to take donated equipment back (catalogued as BFF gear). Can't store things in the closet that are “kind of yours, kind of BFF’s." In-kind requests need to come in with the donated item. Amanda to follow up with Forrest and Teddy.
* DJ (Trevor) brought up AI use at the station; best to let station leadership guide this discussion.&#x20;
