---
description: October 14, 2025, San Francisco
---

# October 2025

## Agenda

* Review Agenda & Vote
* Vote to approve August minutes
* Resolve Previous Action Items&#x20;
* Discussion Topics

### Discussion Topics

1. Executive Update
2. Board Committee Updates
   1. Board Development
   2. Finance Committee
3. Fundraising/Development

### Closing Items

* Public Comment?
* Anything from board committees not covered?
* Any other business?

## Minutes

Present:&#x20;

* Amanda
* Irving
* Mark
* Clair&#x20;
* Kerri

Absent:

* Erika Delgado, Board Member at Large

### 6:00 pm — Convene, Vote on Agenda & Previous Minutes

{% hint style="success" %}
Voted YES to adopt the proposed agenda.&#x20;
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="success" %}
Voted YES to approve last month’s minutes.&#x20;
{% endhint %}

### Review Previous Action Items

* \[Irving] Finish purchase order form&#x20;
* \[Irving] pick up debit card, check BFF PO Box
* \[Kerri] Post minutes to Board Gitbook/website
* \[Amanda] Share budget breakdowns with committee co-chairs - done with all but fundraising/marketing, which will be part of 2026 year-end strategy planning
* \[Irving] - share form with the Ops Committee
* \[Mark] - write up the info on the trademark so we can vote on it @ our next board meeting&#x20;
* \[Everyone] - think of ways the board can support our EOY fundraising

\
Policies in Development:

* Brand Guidelines for visual assets
* DJ endorsements/conflict of interest- goal: implement for January term
* DJ payola/plugola (draft in handbook)
* DJ offsite live streaming policy- goal: implement for January term

### Discussion Topics

**Executive Update: Conversations with Peer Organizations**

* WFMU - Amanda met with their program director. They liked our decentralized format, not reliant on too many third party platforms. They have substantial budget.&#x20;
  * Chat function on website, we like theirs but it needs a bespoke mod system which is cumbersome
  * Discussed board composition and meeting structure - they did go through a difficult financial time, have worked to improve board understanding of budget.&#x20;
  * Recommended a regular cash flow report
  * Talked a lot about fundraising. All of their DJs participate in the fundraising - merch for each radio show, all DJs design their own. Depending on what the item is, the station pays up front but have to be a DJ for 5 years to get a shirt and other limitations. DJs largely pay for promo items but station gives some money toward purchase.
  * Other cool things they do: record bands doing live sessions and create compilation; mixtapes based on playlists

**Board Committee Updates**

**Board Development**

* Clair stepping away until June 2026 to manage work chaos, will continue to be on Slack and will be in touch with Amanda as things at work hopefully calm down.
* Kerri to end term early at end of 2025 to focus on Marketing Committee role - building a tremendous team, needs Kerri’s full support.

**Prospect Outreach**

* Brandon Paski- Phase 2; completed board profile and meeting with one of new board prospects. Also happy to talk with other candidates.
* Kenya Lewis- Phase 2; Kerri and Mark working to connect with her. Mark next week, should ask Brandon if he wants to join.
* Daniel Strickland- Phase 2; Mark met with him, Amanda will start a conversation with him about other connections.
* Reina Shinohara- Kerri reached out last week, waiting to connect.
* Amanda posted LinkedIn job description, talking with somebody tomorrow.
* New potential candidate: Nathan Pham of FanFly - also responded to the LinkedIn post. Has worked in music tech, now at a fan to artist ticket platform. Amanda talked with him and has asked Brandon to talk with him. Opportunity to professionalize some of our events.

**Finance Committee**

* Finance overview, leading into Q4 - roughly $64K in assets right now. Irving working on taxes and Amanda working on updates to operational budgets. Need to raise more than $6K for end of year.
* Ahead on recurring donations for the year - planned on 10K and at $13,285. Will have more before end of year. Estimate we'll be at about 15K from donors and 18K from DJs by end of year.
* Made significant strides in matching donors this year.
* Amanda previewed updated budget for 2026, including setting aside money for LPFM expert, equipment budget reflects small consumables we need regularly w/ contingency for bigger purchases. Listening parties: for 2026 can we get funding before committing to them? Increased merch budget to align with rising costs.
* If projections hold, our budget will meet expenses before the FY starts for the first time.
* Financials need to be ready for SFAC application - last year’s comments on our grant, which wasn’t funded, provided good information we can quantify for this year’s application. Believe with some work can address the comments and have a chance of getting funded.&#x20;

**Fundraising/Development**

* How will the board support our EOY fundraising goals? Goal 5K, details of campaign aren’t set yet, would like it to be similar to buddy system/rent party fundraisers. Create a board team w/ a small goal?
* Fundraising committee meeting 10/26. Invited DJ prospects.&#x20;

**Other business**

* Overview of draft 2026 priorities for committees shared - how do board priorities translate to actionable items for each committee
* Upcoming meetings. Amanda will be out of town in December, and holidays are coming up.

{% hint style="success" %}
November meeting moved to 11/18 and December board meeting cancelled.
{% endhint %}

### Action Items

* Irving: Update financials before Nov. 10 grant deadline
* Amanda: clean up ‘26 budget and present for voting at Nov. meeting.
